Readme.rst, before:

Python IntelHex library
***********************

Introduction
------------
The Intel HEX file format is widely used in microprocessors and microcontrollers 
area (embedded systems etc) as the de facto standard 
for representation of code to be programmed into microelectronic devices.

This work implements an ``intelhex`` Python library to read, write, 
create from scratch and manipulate data from Intel HEX file format.

The distribution package also includes several convenience Python scripts,
including "classic" ``hex2bin`` and ``bin2hex`` converters and more, 
those based on the library itself. Check the docs to know more.

License
-------
The code is distributed under BSD license,
see `LICENSE.txt <https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`_.

In short: you can use IntelHex library in your project without *any*
restrictions.

Supported Python versions
-------------------------
IntelHex library v.2.2 supports Python 2 (2.4-2.7) and Python 3 (3.2-3.5 or later)
without external libraries or 2to3 tool from the same codebase.

Install
-------
Install using ``pip`` (recommended, no separate download required)::

    pip install intelhex

Download
--------
* https://pypi.org/project/IntelHex/
* https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex/releases

Source code, bug reports, patches
---------------------------------
IntelHex on GitHub:

https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex

User manual
-----------
User manual for IntelHex is available in the sources ``docs/manual/`` directory.
You can browse User Manual online:

https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-intelhex/

Changelog
---------
See `NEWS.rst <https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex/blob/master/NEWS.rst>`_

Commit message:

Drop support for Python < 3.5 from now on
Signed-off-by: Bert van Hall <bert.vanhall@gmx.de>

Readme.rst, after:

Python IntelHex library
***********************

Introduction
------------
The Intel HEX file format is widely used in microprocessors and microcontrollers 
area (embedded systems etc) as the de facto standard 
for representation of code to be programmed into microelectronic devices.

This work implements an ``intelhex`` Python library to read, write, 
create from scratch and manipulate data from Intel HEX file format.

The distribution package also includes several convenience Python scripts,
including "classic" ``hex2bin`` and ``bin2hex`` converters and more, 
those based on the library itself. Check the docs to know more.

License
-------
The code is distributed under BSD license,
see `LICENSE.txt <https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`_.

In short: you can use IntelHex library in your project without *any*
restrictions.

Supported Python versions
-------------------------
IntelHex library supports Python 3 (3.5 or later) only. The 2.2.1 release was
the last one which supported Python 2.7 and Python until 3.5.

Install
-------
Install using ``pip`` (recommended, no separate download required)::

    pip install intelhex

Download
--------
* https://pypi.org/project/IntelHex/
* https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex/releases

Source code, bug reports, patches
---------------------------------
IntelHex on GitHub:

https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex

User manual
-----------
User manual for IntelHex is available in the sources ``docs/manual/`` directory.
You can browse User Manual online:

https://readthedocs.org/projects/python-intelhex/

Changelog
---------
See `NEWS.rst <https://github.com/python-intelhex/intelhex/blob/master/NEWS.rst>`_
